hello everyone today we watch the movie
hunter killer
feel free to leave comment on what
movies you would like to watch recap
the u.s los angeles-class submarine uss
tampa bay
vanishes while shadowing the russian
akula class submarine connect in the
arctic
rear admiral john fisk sends the
virginia-class submarine uss arkansas
under the command of newly promoted and
unorthodox commander joe glass to
investigate at the same time
a navy seal team under the command of
lieutenant bill beeman
is sent in to discreetly observe the
russian naval base in polyarny
murmansk oblast when they arrive at the
naval base
they witnessed defence minister admiral
of the fleet dmitry durov
conducting a military exercise and
taking russian president nikolai
zakarian prisoner
and swiftly realized that duraf intends
to trigger a war
their location is almost discovered by
the russians during a radio intercept
check
the seals managed to hide away
undetected
martinelli is injured in the leg by
gunfire from a russian officer
who fired stray bullets into their
hiding location forcing the team to
leave him behind
meanwhile arkansas discovers the
destroyed tampa bay
and also finds the sunken russian
submarine connect damaged in a manner
that suggests internal sabotage rather
than external attack
they are attacked by another russian
akula submarine
volkov that has been hiding under an
iceberg
but glass is able to destroy the
ambusher and rescue russian survivors
from konec
including its commanding officer captain
second rank sergey andropov
back at base the us government learns
about the coup
admiral charles dunigan recommends
preparing for war
while fisk suggests that arkansas be
sent to rendezvous with beeman's team
after they have rescued zacharian
glass manages to convince the reluctant
andropov to help
and with andropov's knowledge of the
minefield around the base
glass navigates arkansas near the base
undetected
meanwhile beeman's team with the help of
russian presidential security service
agent oleg
who the seal team found by the shoreline
of the base wounded
infiltrated the base and succeed in
retrieving president zuckerin
but lose two teammates devin hall and
matt johnstone in the process
oleg keeps the renegade russian military
at bay giving beeman and zuckerin a
chance to escape
oleg is mortally shot multiple times by
the duraf soldiers
but he sacrifices himself using hand
grenades
go back to watch the channel movie 10
minutes
he is killed in the explosion and takes
a few soldiers with him
beeman delivers the injured president to
arkansas's deep submergence rescue
vehicle
then goes back alone for martinelli
saving him from russian soldiers about
to execute him during a capture
as us and russian fleets face off for
battle
arkansas sustains further damage when
they are attacked by andropov's old ship
a heavily armed destroyer
now commanded by captain velazquez
sutreev a member of durham's conspiracy
but andropov is able to communicate a
message
affirming that president zacharian is
aboard the submarine
when durab orders his forces at the base
to fire missiles at the surfaced
arkansas
glass refuses to take action recognizing
that firing back at the russians could
start the war he is trying to
stop in the last seconds andhra pop's
old crewmates defy orders and destroy
the incoming missiles with the close-in
weapon system
before they can strike arkansas and
subsequently destroy europe's naval base
headquarters with their missiles
[Music]
with the war averted glass docks
arkansas to the russian naval base to
return zacharian and andropov surviving
crew to their country
glass and andropov bid farewell and
confirm their respect for each other
beeman returns with an injured
martinelli and arkansas crew travels
back to the us
that's all for the movie thank you for
watching
please subscribe
you